Table with Youtube's Clients Info (#81)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp-wiki: Extractors.md

| `web_creator`   | Required                            | Required                                                | GVS                                                     | Supported              | All video and audio formats in HLS (`m3u8`), https and SABR except for ultralow audio. | Can be used to bypass the account age-verification requirement for age-restricted videos, given you pass any account cookies.   |
| `mweb`          | Supported                           | Required                                                | GVS      | Supported\* | All video and audio formats in HLS (`m3u8`), https and SABR. | Overdownloading or random A/B experiments may lead to only SABR formats being returned. Not subject to other clients' throttling when downloading in greater than 10MB chunks; this is useful for quicker downloads when using `--download-sections` or faster seeking within `mpv`'s yt-dlp integration.                                                                      |

> | `tv`            | Required\*                          | Required  |             | Supported\*  | All video and audio formats in HLS (`m3u8`), https and SABR except for ultralow audio, but only SABR is downloadable (see Notes). | Without account cookies, only DRM formats are returned, although there are [workarounds](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/issues/15583#issuecomment-4580771916). Overdownloading or random A/B experiments may lead to only SABR formats being returned.                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tv`            | Required\*                          | Required  |             | Supported\*  | All video and audio formats in HLS (`m3u8`), https and SABR except for ultralow audio, but only SABR is downloadable (see Notes). | Without cookies (account or [guest](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/issues/15583#issuecomment-4580771916)), only DRM formats are returned. Overdownloading or random A/B experiments may lead to only SABR formats being returned.                                               |
```
